.\"Created with GNOME Manpages Editor Wizard
.\"http://sourceforge.net/projects/gmanedit2
.TH Zeus 1 "January 14, 2014" "" "Zeus_Manual"

.SH NAME
Zeus \- Software to generate Network traffic

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page explains the functionality of Zeus. This Software is generating Network traffic in different kinds of TCP communication. 

It was developed during the Project: "Design and implementation of a system for the generation of network traffic" hosted by Prof. Dr. Martin Kappes. 

.B The parameters:
.I
Type 
(Socket,HTTP,Websocket) ; 
.I
Size
of message ; 
.I
Sending 
x bytes ; 
.I
Sending 
x seconds : 
.I
Numbers 
of repetitions : 
.I
How long 
qshould be repeated : 
.I
Delay 
(time between sendings) : 
.I
Number of 
connections to Clients

.SH 
Start//Stop Server

zeus 
.B
run 
( Run Server with 
.B
IP : Port
)

zeus 
.B
stop 
( Stop Server with
.B
IP : Port
)

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
zeus[-OPTION1][-OPTION2][-OPTION...][--SAVE//LOAD//PRINT]

.SH OPTIONS

.B
-p
,
.B
--port 
( Port of the destination Server 
.B
Default: 8080
)

.B
-i
,
.B 
--ip 
( IPv4 Adress of the destination Server
.B
Default: None
)

.B
-t 
,
.B
--type 
( Type of protocol.Eg.: zmq_request, zmq_sub, zmq_pup, http_get
.B
Default: None
)

.B
-s
,
.B
--size 
( Size of message in Byte
.B
Default: 1
)

.B
-c 
,
.B
--client_count 
( Count of sending Clients
.B
Default: 1
)

.B
-d 
,
.B
--delay 
( Delay between messages in seconds
.B
Default: 0
)

.B
-f 
,
.B
--flows 
( Count of Flows
.B
Default: 1
)

.B
-r 
,
.B
--rep_size 
( Size of replies in bytes
.B
Default: 0
)

.B
-status
,
.B
--status 
( Status of Server with 
.B
IPv4 Adress : Port
)

.SH
Save//Load//Print

.B
--save
( Save current parameterset in a config file
)

.B
--config 
( Load a saved parameterset from a config file
)

.B
--print_config
( Print a saved configuration file )

.SH EXAMPLES

.B
zeus -t zmq_req -s 512 -f 1 --save testman
( Sends a 0MQ Request which is 512 bytes in size, in one flow and the parameterset will be saved as "testman" )

.B
zeus --config testman
( Loads the parameterset, wich was saved as "testman" ) 

.B
zeus --print_config testman
( Prints the parameterset which was saved as "testman" )

.SH VERSIONS
V1.3

.SH ENVIRONMENT
Zeus was developed in 
.I
Python 
(www.python.org) 
with the 
.I
Pycharm Framework
(www.jetbrains.com/pycharm). The libraries: 
.I
Autobahn
(autobahn.ws/python), 
.I
0MQ 
(zeromq.org), 
.I
Twisted 
(twostedmatrix.com) and 
.I
Colorama 
(http://pypi.python/pypi/colorama) were used. 

.SH Developed by
Daniel Roth, Dominik Krichbaum, Sinan Diehl, Gregor Milenkovic

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Gregor Milenkovic

.SH BUGS
No known Bugs. If there are any issus or bugs, please contact Daniel Roth.

.SH Contact
Daan.Roth@gmail.com


